The main motivation behind this project is to apply the principles of data science and supervised machine learning to a dataset comprising of video analytics pertaining to various sports. Based on various input metrics about the viewers who have viewed a certain type of sport video, we would like to observe and predict whether they are likely to view a similar type of video in the near future. In accordance with the CRISP-DM process, from the business understanding perspective, the main idea here is to acquire more number of viewers to view the sport videos. The libraries used in this project are numpy, pandas, matplotlib, csv and the sckitlearn libraries. 

In terms of the data understanding, the dataset contains the following columns namely "Sport", "Country", "Age", "Gender", "Nationality", "Profession" and "Viewed". The matrix of independent features are "Sport", "Country", "Age", "Gender", "Nationality" and "Profession". The dependent variable vector is the column "Viewed". It is the output variable variable vector which the supervised learning model is trying to predict. There are four different types of sports in question, namely "Basketball", "Football", "Cricket" and "Baseball". Viewers who view the video maybe residing in different countries with different nationalities. They maybe either men or women in the age group ranging from 18 to 65. It is also of interest to analyze the profession of the viewers. We are interested to find out if the viewers maybe either a university student, school student or a working professional to better understand their liking and interests. 

With respect to the data preparation part, there is missing data to deal with in the dataset, henceforth we use the imputer function for the same. There are also categories or strings in the dataset which need to be encoded. The imputer function is used for dealing with missing data. The missing values in a column are filled with the mean of that column. Categorical variables are encoded using the OneHotEncoding technique. 

Coming to the modeling and evaluation of the dataset, after performing a train test split on the dataset with a test size ratio of 0.2, various supervised learning models are executed to predict the output variable vector ("Viewed"). These models are namely the Logistic regression, K-Nearest Neighbors, SVM(Support Vector Machine), DecisionTree and Random Forest classifiers respectively. The accuracy in the predictions were evaluated using confusion matrices and it was found that SVM, DecisionTree and Random Forest Classifiers were superior in terms of their performance. 



